##Informations Autres Applications Notables
https://academy.hackthebox.com/module/113/section/1102

ExploitDB/Searchsploit sont tes amis
Application	Abuse Info
Axis2:
	This can be abused similar to Tomcat. We will often actually see it sitting on top of a Tomcat installation. If we cannot get RCE via Tomcat, it is worth checking for weak/default admin credentials on Axis2. We can then upload a webshell in the form of an AAR file (Axis2 service file). There is also a Metasploit module that can assist with this.

Websphere:
	Websphere has suffered from many different vulnerabilities over the years. Furthermore, if we can log in to the administrative console with default credentials such as system:manager we can deploy a WAR file (similar to Tomcat) and gain RCE via a web shell or reverse shell.

Elasticsearch:
	Elasticsearch has had its fair share of vulnerabilities as well. Though old, we have seen this before on forgotten Elasticsearch installs during an assessment for a large enterprise (and identified within 100s of pages of EyeWitness report output). Though not realistic, the Hack The Box machine Haystack features Elasticsearch.

Zabbix
	Zabbix is an open-source system and network monitoring solution that has had quite a few vulnerabilities discovered such as SQL injection, authentication bypass, stored XSS, LDAP password disclosure, and remote code execution. Zabbix also has built-in functionality that can be abused to gain remote code execution. The HTB box Zipper showcases how to use the Zabbix API to gain RCE.

Nagios:
	Nagios is another system and network monitoring product. Nagios has had a wide variety of issues over the years, including remote code execution, root privilege escalation, SQL injection, code injection, and stored XSS. If you come across a Nagios instance, it is worth checking for the default credentials nagiosadmin:PASSW0RD and fingerprinting the version.

WebLogic:
	WebLogic is a Java EE application server. At the time of writing, it has 190 reported CVEs. There are many unauthenticated RCE exploits from 2007 up to 2021, many of which are Java Deserialization vulnerabilities.

Wikis/Intranets:
	We may come across internal Wikis (such as MediaWiki), custom intranet pages, SharePoint, etc. These are worth assessing for known vulnerabilities but also searching if there is a document repository. We have run into many intranet pages (both custom and SharePoint) that had a search functionality which led to discovering valid credentials.

DotNetNuke:
	DotNetNuke (DNN) is an open-source CMS written in C# that uses the .NET framework. It has had a few severe issues over time, such as authentication bypass, directory traversal, stored XSS, file upload bypass, and arbitrary file download.

vCenter:
	vCenter is often present in large organizations to manage multiple instances of ESXi. It is worth checking for weak credentials and vulnerabilities such as this Apache Struts 2 RCE that scanners like Nessus do not pick up. This unauthenticated OVA file upload vulnerability was disclosed in early 2021, and a PoC for CVE-2021-22005 was released during the development of this module. vCenter comes as both a Windows and a Linux appliance. If we get a shell on the Windows appliance, privilege escalation is relatively simple using JuicyPotato or similar. We have also seen vCenter already running as SYSTEM and even running as a domain admin! It can be a great foothold in the environment or be a single source of compromise.